Update to 2020 working groups (#635)
HSF/hsf.github.io: _activities/visualization.md

title: "Visualization"
author: "Riccardo Maria Bianchi"
layout: plain
redirect_from: 
  - /workinggroups/visualization.html
---

> The Visualization Activity Area and Working Group (WG) gathers experts, develeopers, users and all people from the HEP community interested in interactive data visualization and event displays. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Visualisation Activity Area and Working Group (WG) gathers experts, developers, users and all people from the Particle Physics community interested in interactive data visualization and event displays. 
```

Author: Thanks - it wasn't my mistake, but good to correct!
